HI, GUYS!
HEY, PHOEBE!
HEY, OH, HOW DID IT GO?
UM, NOT SO GOOD.
HE SAID, "WE SHOULD
DO THIS AGAIN."
( everyone groans )
WHAT? "WE SHOULD
DO IT AGAIN."
THAT'S GOOD, RIGHT?
NO, LOOSELY
TRANSLATED
"WE SHOULD DO
THIS AGAIN" MEANS
"YOU WILL NEVER
SEE ME NAKED."
SINCE WHEN?
SINCE ALWAYS.
IT'S LIKE
DATING LANGUAGE.
YOU KNOW, LIKE, "IT'S NOT YOU"
MEANS "IT IS YOU."
OR "YOU'RE SUCH
A NICE GUY" MEANS:
"I'LL BE DATING
LEATHER-WEARING
ALCOHOLICS
AND COMPLAINING
ABOUT THEM TO YOU."
OR "I THINK WE SHOULD
SEE OTHER PEOPLE"
MEANS "HA, HA,
I ALREADY AM."
AND EVERYBODY
KNOWS THIS.
OH, YEAH... CUSHIONS THE BLOW.
LIKE WHEN YOU'RE A KID
AND YOUR DOG DIES
AND THEY SAY IT WENT
OFF TO SOME FARM.
THAT'S FUNNY.
NO, BECAUSE OUR
PARENTS ACTUALLY DID
SEND OUR DOG UP
TO LIVE ON A FARM.
UH... ROSS?
WHAT, HELLO? THE MILNERS' FARM
IN CONNECTICUT?
THE MILNERS HAD THIS
UNBELIEVABLE FARM.
THEY HAD HORSES
AND RABBITS
TO CHASE
AND...
OH, MY GOD, CHI CHI!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO ♪
Chandler:
"SO HOW DOES IT FEEL
KNOWING YOU'RE ABOUT TO DIE?"
"WARDEN, IN FIVE MINUTES
MY PAIN WILL BE OVER
"BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO LIVE
WITH THE KNOWLEDGE
THAT YOU SENT
AN HONEST MAN TO DIE."
HEY, THAT WAS REALLY GOOD.
YEAH? THANKS,
LET'S KEEP GOING.
OKAY.
"SO, WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM ME, DIMONE... HUH?"
"I JUST WANT TO
GO BACK TO MY CELL
BECAUSE IN MY CELL
I CAN SMOKE."
"SMOKE AWAY!"
I THINK THIS
IS PROBABLY WHY
DIMONE SMOKES
IN HIS CELL, ALONE.
WHAT?
RELAX YOUR HAND.
LET YOUR WRIST GO.
NOT SO MUCH.
ALL RIGHT, NOW,
TRY TAKING A PUFF.
RIGHT.
OKAY, NO, GIVE IT TO ME.
NO, NO, I'M NOT
GIVING YOU A CIGARETTE.
DO YOU WANT TO GET THIS PART
OR NOT? HERE.
ALL RIGHT, NOW
DON'T THINK OF IT
AS A CIGARETTE.
THINK OF IT
AS THE THING
THAT HAS BEEN MISSING
FROM YOUR HAND.
WHEN YOU'RE HOLDING IT, YOU
FEEL RIGHT, YOU FEEL COMPLETE.
DO YOU MISS IT?
NO, NOT SO MUCH.
ALL RIGHT, NOW WE SMOKE.
OH, MY GOD!
THEY SAY IT'S THE SAME
AS THE DISTANCE
FROM THE TIP OF A GUY'S THUMB
TO THE TIP OF HIS INDEX FINGER.
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
CAN I USE EITHER THUMB?
ALL RIGHT, DON'T
TELL ME, DON'T TELL ME.
DECAF CAPPUCCINO
FOR JOEY.
COFFEE BLACK.
LATTE.
AND AN ICED TEA.
I'M GETTING GOOD AT THIS.
EXCELLENT!
VERY GOOD.
GOOD FOR ME!
( muttering )
YOU OKAY, PHOEBE?
YEAH, NO, I'M...
IT'S NOT EVEN WORTH IT--
IT'S MY BANK.
WHAT DID THEY DO?
IT'S JUST... OKAY.
I'M GOING
THROUGH MY MAIL
AND I OPEN UP THEIR
MONTHLY STATEMENT!
EASY!
OKAY, I KNOW.
AND THERE'S $500
EXTRA IN MY ACCOUNT.
OH, SATAN'S MINIONS
AT WORK AGAIN.
NOW I HAVE TO GO THERE
AND DEAL WITH THEM...
WHAT? KEEP IT!
IT'S NOT MINE.
I DIDN'T EARN IT.
IT WOULD BE LIKE STEALING.
YEAH, BUT IF YOU SPENT IT,
IT WOULD BE LIKE SHOPPING.
OKAY, OKAY, LET'S SAY I BOUGHT
A REALLY GREAT PAIR OF SHOES.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I'D HEAR
WITH EVERY STEP I TOOK?
"NOT MINE, NOT MINE, NOT MINE."
EVEN IF I WAS HAPPY,
AND SKIPPING, I'D HEAR
"NOT, NOT MINE,
NOT, NOT MINE..."
WE'RE WITH YOU, WE GOT IT.
I'D NEVER ENJOY IT.
IT WOULD BE LIKE
THIS GIANT KARMIC DEBT.
Monica:
CHANDLER, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
HEY! WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
WHAT IS THIS?
I'M SMOKING,
I'M SMOKING.
YOU'VE BEEN
SO GOOD
FOR THREE
YEARS.
AND THIS IS MY REWARD.
THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU WENT
THROUGH THE LAST TIME YOU QUIT.
OKAY, SO THIS TIME
I WON'T QUIT.
PUT IT OUT!
I'M PUTTING IT OUT.
OH, NO! I CAN'T
DRINK THIS NOW.
I'M GOING TO
GO CHANGE.
I'VE GOT A DATE.
WITH ALAN AGAIN?
HOW'S IT GOING?
IT'S GOING PRETTY GOOD,
YOU KNOW.
HE'S NICE, WE'RE HAVING FUN.
WHEN DO WE MEET HIM?
LET'S SEE, TODAY IS MONDAY.
NEVER.
NO, NOT AFTER WHAT
HAPPENED WITH STEVE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
( imitates lisp ):
WE LOVED SCHTEVE.
SCHTEVE WAS SCHEXY.
SORRY.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW I FEEL ABOUT HIM.
LET ME FIGURE
THAT OUT.
THEN CAN WE MEET HIM?
MMM... NO... SCHORRY.
Monica:
I MEAN, WHY SHOULD
I LET THEM MEET HIM?
I BRING A GUY HOME
AND SOON THEY'RE
ALL OVER HIM.
THEY'RE LIKE COYOTES PICKING OFF
THE WEAK MEMBERS OF THE HERD.
LISTEN, AS SOMEONE WHO'S SEEN
MORE THAN HER SHARE OF BAD BEEF
THAT IS NOT SUCH
A TERRIBLE THING.
YOUR FRIENDS ARE
JUST LOOKING OUT AFTER YOU.
JUST ONCE I WISH I'D BRING
A GUY HOME THEY LIKED.
WELL, YOU DO REALIZE THAT
THE ODDS OF THAT HAPPENING
ARE A LITTLE SLIMMER
IF THEY NEVER
MEET THE GUY.
LET IT GO, ROSS.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU DIDN'T KNOW CHI CHI.
Monica:
DO YOU ALL PROMISE?
All:
YEAH, WE PROMISE.
WE'LL BE GOOD.
CHANDLER, DO
YOU PROMISE?
YOU CAN COME IN
BUT YOUR FILTER-TIPPED
LITTLE BUDDY STAYS OUTSIDE.
Ross:
HEY, PHOEBES!
"DEAR MS. BUFFAY:
"THANK YOU FOR CALLING
ATTENTION TO OUR ERROR.
"WE HAVE CREDITED
YOUR ACCOUNT $500.
"WE'RE SORRY FOR
THE INCONVENIENCE
"AND HOPE YOU'LL ACCEPT
"THIS FOOTBALL PHONE...
AS OUR FREE GIFT."
DO YOU BELIEVE THIS?
NOW I HAVE $1,000
AND A FOOTBALL PHONE.
WHAT BANK IS THIS?
( buzzer buzzes )
OKAY, IT'S HIM.
WHO IS IT?
Alan.
CHANDLER, HE'S HERE!
OKAY, PLEASE BE GOOD, PLEASE.
JUST REMEMBER
HOW MUCH YOU LIKE ME.
( knocking at door )
HI, ALAN,
THIS IS EVERYBODY.
EVERYBODY,
THIS IS ALAN.
HI.
All:
HI, ALAN.
I'VE HEARD SCHO MUSCH
ABOUT ALL YOU GUYS.
I'LL CALL YOU TOMORROW.
THANK YOU.
OKAY... OKAY, LET'S LET
THE ALAN-BASHING BEGIN.
WHO'S GOING TO TAKE
THE FIRST SHOT? HMM?
COME ON!
I'LL GO.
LET'S START WITH THE WAY
HE KEPT PICKING AT...
YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY,
I CAN'T DO THIS.
WE LOVED HIM.
All:
WE LOVED HIM!
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT SOMEONE
THAT I'M GOING OUT WITH?
All:
YES!
AND DID
YOU NOTICE?
Men:
YEAH, IT'S GREAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT WAS GREAT?
HOW HIS SMILE WAS CROOKED.
YES, LIKE THE MAN
IN THE SHOE.
WHAT SHOE?
FROM THE NURSERY RHYME:
"THERE WAS A CROOKED MAN
WHO HAD A CROOKED SMILE
"WHO LIVED IN A SHOE
FOR A... WHILE."
SO I THINK ALAN...
WILL BECOME THE YARDSTICK
AGAINST WHICH ALL FUTURE
BOYFRIENDS WILL BE MEASURED.
WHAT FUTURE BOYFRIENDS?
NO, I THINK
THIS COULD BE...
REALLY?
I'D MARRY HIM FOR HIS
DAVID HASSELHOFF IMPRESSION.
YOU KNOW I'M
GOING TO BE
DOING THAT AT
PARTIES, RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT
I LIKE MOST ABOUT HIM?
WHAT?
THE WAY HE MAKES
ME FEEL ABOUT MYSELF.
YEAH.
HI.
HOW WAS THE GAME?
WELL...
All:
WE WON!
FANTASTIC! I HAVE ONE QUESTION.
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
ALAN.
HE WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
HE WAS LIKE THAT
BUGS BUNNY CARTOON
WHERE BUGS IS PLAYING
ALL THE POSITIONS
BUT INSTEAD IT WAS
FIRST BASE, ALAN;
SECOND BASE, ALAN;
THIRD BASE, ALAN.
I MEAN, IT WAS LIKE
HE MADE US INTO A TEAM.
YEP, WE SURE SHOWED
THOSE HASIDIC JEWELERS
A THING OR TWO
ABOUT SOFTBALL.
CAN I ASK YOU GUYS A QUESTION?
DO YOU EVER THINK
THAT ALAN IS MAYBE SOMETIMES...
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW, A LITTLE TOO ALAN?
Rachel:
OH, NO, THAT'S
NOT POSSIBLE.
ONE CAN NEVER
BE TOO ALAN.
YEAH, IT'S HIS INNATE
ALAN-NESS THAT WE ADORE.
I PERSONALLY COULD
HAVE A GALLON OF ALAN.
HEY, LIZZY.
HEY, WEIRD GIRL.
I BROUGHT YOU
ALPHABET SOUP.
WITHOUT THE VOWELS?
YES, BUT I LEFT IN THE "Y"s
BECAUSE YOU KNOW,
"SOMETIMES Y..."
I HAVE SOMETHING ELSE.
SALTINES?
NO, BUT WOULD YOU LIKE
$1,000 AND A FOOTBALL PHONE?
WHAT?
OH, MY GOD!
THERE'S REALLY
MONEY IN HERE.
I KNOW.
WEIRD GIRL,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
NO, NO, I HAVE TO
GIVE YOU SOMETHING.
NO, IT'S FINE,
YOU DON'T...
DO YOU WANT
MY TINFOIL HAT?
NO, BECAUSE
YOU NEED THAT.
PLEASE, LET ME
DO SOMETHING.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU BUY ME A SODA,
AND THEN WE'RE EVEN, OKAY?
OKAY.
KEEP THE CHANGE.
THANKS, LIZZY.
SURE YOU DON'T
WANT A PRETZEL?
NO, I'M FINE, THANKS.
SEE YOU.
HUH!
A THUMB?
EWW!
I KNOW, I KNOW,
I OPENED IT UP
AND IT WAS FLOATING IN THERE
LIKE THIS TINY HITCHHIKER.
MAYBE IT'S A CONTEST,
LIKE, COLLECT ALL FIVE.
DOES ANYONE WANT TO SEE?
All:
NO!
OH, HEY, DON'T DO THAT.
PUT THAT OUT.
COME ON!
IT'S WORSE THAN THE THUMB.
HEY, THIS IS SO UNFAIR.
WHY IS IT UNFAIR?
SO I HAVE A FLAW.
BIG DEAL!
LIKE JOEY'S CONSTANT
KNUCKLE CRACKING
ISN'T ANNOYING?
AND ROSS WHO
OVERPRONOUNCES
EVERY WORD;
AND MONICA WITH THAT SNORT
WHEN SHE LAUGHS.
I MEAN WHAT THE HELL
IS THAT THING?
I ACCEPT ALL THOSE FLAWS.
WHY CAN'T YOU
ACCEPT ME FOR THIS?
DOES THE KNUCKLE CRACKING
BOTHER EVERYBODY?
WELL, I COULD LIVE WITHOUT IT.
OH, WELL, IS IT,
LIKE, A LITTLE ANNOYING
OR IS LIKE WHEN
PHOEBE CHEWS HER HAIR?
NOW, DON'T LISTEN
TO HIM, PHOEBES.
I THINK IT'S ENDEARING.
OH, YOU DO, DO YOU?
( laughs then snorts )
YOU KNOW, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH SPEAKING CORRECTLY.
INDEED, THERE ISN'T.
I SHOULD REALLY
GET BACK TO WORK.
OTHERWISE
SOMEONE MIGHT GET
WHAT THEY ORDERED.
Joey:
OOH, WELL!
OH, HO, HO, THE HAIR COMES OUT
AND THE GLOVES COME OFF.
( general arguing )
DID YOU EVER
GO OUT WITH A GUY
YOUR FRIENDS
ALL REALLY LIKED?
NO.
OKAY. WELL,
I'M GOING OUT
WITH A GUY MY FRIENDS
ALL REALLY LIKE.
WERE WE TALKING ABOUT
THE COYOTES HERE?
ALL RIGHT!
A COW GOT THROUGH!
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
IT'S JUST... YOU KNOW WHAT?
I JUST DON'T FEEL THE THING.
I MEAN, THEY FEEL THE THING,
I DON'T FEEL THE THING.
HONEY, YOU SHOULD
ALWAYS FEEL THE THING.
IF THAT'S HOW YOU FEEL
ABOUT THE GUY, DUMP HIM.
I KNOW, IT'S JUST GOING
TO BE REALLY HARD.
HE'S A BIG BOY,
HE'LL GET OVER IT.
NO, HE'LL BE FINE.
IT'S THE OTHER FIVE
I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
DON'T YOU RESPECT YOUR BODY?
DON'T YOU
REALIZE WHAT
YOU'RE DOING?
I'VE HAD IT WITH
YOU GUYS AND YOUR CANCER
AND YOUR EMPHYSEMA
AND YOUR HEART DISEASE.
SMOKING IS COOL AND YOU KNOW IT.
CHANDLER... IT'S ALAN,
HE WANTS TO SPEAK WITH YOU.
REALLY, HE DOES?
HEY, BUDDY,
WHAT'S UP?
OH, SHE TOLD YOU
ABOUT THAT, HUH?
WELL, YEAH, I HAVE
ONE NOW AND THEN.
WELL, YEAH, NOW.
WELL, IT'S NOT THAT...
WELL, THAT'S TRUE.
GEE, YOU KNOW, NO ONE'S...
NO ONE'S EVER PUT IT
LIKE THAT BEFORE.
SO, WELL, OKAY, THANKS.
GOD, HE'S GOOD.
IF ONLY HE WERE A WOMAN.
YEAH.
And Lamb Chop and Hush Puppy...
HOW OLD IS THAT SOCK?
IF I HAD A SOCK ON
MY HAND FOR 30 YEARS
IT'D BE
TALKING, TOO.
OKAY, I THINK
IT'S TIME TO CHANGE
SOMEBODY'S
NICOTINE PATCH.
HEY!
WHERE'S JOEY?
JOEY ATE MY LAST
STICK OF GUM
SO I KILLED HIM.
DO YOU THINK
THAT WAS WRONG?
HE'S ACROSS THE HALL.
THANKS.
THERE YOU GO.
OOH, I'M ALIVE
WITH PLEASURE NOW.
HEY, PHOEBES,
YOU GOING TO HAVE
THE REST OF THAT
POP-TART? PHOEBES?
DOES ANYONE WANT
THE REST OF THIS POP-TART?
HEY, I MIGHT.
SORRY.
YOU KNOW, THOSE STUPID
SODA PEOPLE GAVE ME
$7,000 FOR THE THUMB.
$7,000?
AND ON MY WAY
OVER HERE
I STEPPED IN GUM.
WHAT IS UP WITH THE UNIVERSE?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING, I JUST
THINK IT'S NICE
WHEN WE'RE ALL
HERE TOGETHER.
NICER WHEN EVERYONE GETS
TO WEAR THEIR UNDERWEAR.
UH, JOEY.
OH.
OH, OKAY.
( protestations )
PLEASE, GUYS
WE HAVE
TO TALK.
WAIT, WAIT.
I'M GETTING A DEJA VU.
NO, I'M NOT.
ALL RIGHT, WE HAVE TO TALK.
THERE IT IS!
OKAY, IT'S ABOUT ALAN.
THERE'S
SOMETHING
THAT YOU
SHOULD KNOW.
I MEAN, THERE'S REALLY
NO EASY WAY TO SAY THIS.
I'VE DECIDED
TO BREAK UP WITH ALAN.
IS THERE
SOMEBODY ELSE?
NO, NO, NO, NO, IT'S JUST...
YOU KNOW, THINGS CHANGE,
PEOPLE CHANGE.
WE DIDN'T CHANGE.
SO THAT'S IT?
IT'S OVER?
JUST LIKE THAT?
YOU KNOW, YOU LET
YOUR GUARD DOWN
YOU KNOW, YOU START TO
REALLY CARE ABOUT SOMEONE
AND I JUST... I...
LOOK, I CAN GO ON PRETENDING...
OKAY.
NO.
IT WOULDN'T BE FAIR
TO ALAN, OR TO YOU.
YEAH, WELL,
WHO WANTS FAIR?
I MEAN, I JUST
WANT THINGS BACK
YOU KNOW,
THE WAY THEY WERE.
I'M SORRY.
OH, SHE'S SORRY.
I FEEL BETTER.
I JUST CAN'T
BELIEVE THIS.
I MEAN, WITH THE
HOLIDAYS COMING UP.
I WANTED HIM
TO MEET MY FAMILY.
I'LL MEET SOMEONE ELSE.
THERE'LL BE OTHER ALANS.
OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
WILL YOU GUYS BE OKAY?
HEY, HEY,
WE'LL BE FINE.
WE'RE JUST GOING
TO NEED A LITTLE TIME.
I UNDERSTAND.
WOW!
I'M REALLY SORRY.
YEAH. I'M SORRY, TOO.
BUT I GOT TO TELL YOU,
I AM A LITTLE RELIEVED.
RELIEVED?
WELL, I MEAN, I HAD
A GREAT TIME WITH YOU...
I JUST CAN'T STAND
YOUR FRIENDS.
REMEMBER WHEN WE WENT TO
CENTRAL PARK AND RENTED BOATS?
THAT WAS FUN.
YEAH.
HE COULD ROW
LIKE A VIKING.
HI.
( all mumble )
SO HOW DID IT GO?
UH... YOU KNOW.
DID... DID HE MENTION US?
HE SAYS HE'S REALLY
GOING TO MISS YOU GUYS.
( sighing )
YOU HAD
A ROUGH DAY, HUH?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
COME HERE.
THAT'S IT,
I'M GETTING CIGARETTES.
All:
NO, NO, NO!
I DON'T CARE.
GAME'S OVER, I'M WEAK.
I MUST HAVE THE SMOKE.
Phoebe:
IF YOU NEVER
SMOKE AGAIN
I'LL GIVE YOU $7,000.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.